test: add kv routing test for sglang (#2424)
ai-dynamo/dynamo: tests/README.md

The tests will automatically use a local cache at `~/.cache/huggingface` to avoid
repeated downloads of model files. This cache is shared across test runs to improve performance.

## Running tests locally

> To run tests locally, ensure that you have properly setup your environment and have installed the following dependencies in your `venv`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run tests outside of the development container, ensure that you have properly setup your environment and have installed the following dependencies in your `venv`:
```

```bash

> uv pip install pytest-mypy

Reviewer: is pytest-mypy required - I thought required because of pyproject .... maybe that gets picked up.

another option here is to use the `container/deps/requirements.test` for more complete coverage (until this is moved elsewhere)
